polish: `package.json` tweaks (#403)
cloudflare/wrangler2: .changeset/orange-hats-yell.md

---
"wrangler": patch
---

> polish: Added scripts to package.json & autogenerated name value

Reviewer: This is a `feat` change.. we are adding a new feature to Wrangler2.

Reviewer: For consistency we should use the present imperative tense:

```suggestion
feat: add scripts to package.json & autogenerate name value when initializing a project
```
